today on the edgy veg we are tackling
another Taco Bell recipe because you
guys have been asking for it we're
making a chili cheese burrito mmm
the first step in Taco Bell burrito
making is taking some oil and heating it
in a pan
- the hot coconut oil we are going to
add onions oh listen to that let those
cook until they're translucent about
three to five minutes the spices were
using our cayenne pepper for some heat
need some heat in there and then quite a
bit of chili powder and then so much
salt and just mix it together you want
to do this fairly quickly so that your
spices aren't burning to the pan you're
going to want to take some cornstarch
and add it to water and that's going to
help thicken up our chili
and then just mix it up and set it aside
add some jalapenos however many you want
depending on how spicy you like your
food and all then we are going to add
beta paste this is like doing like cheap
quick chili on the stovetop mix that in
and then we are going to take our
cornstarch and slowly add it mixing at
the same time and that's going to thin
at that tomato paste and just go ahead
and splash it all over your your oven
that's what I like to do
so once your MacGyver chili sauce has
started to come to a boil you can add in
your meat substitute of choice so you
can add like walnut taco mix or I just
bought this like veggie fake veggie
minced meat mix it around until it is
well incorporated after about five
minutes add in your refried beans mmm so
just mix in your beans until everything
is super well incorporated
and nice and thick this is going to be
like a burrito sloppy joe and I am super
excited to try it so now that this is
all combined we are going to add our
vegan cheese whatever brand you like the
most put a nice big handful in there and
then mix it all together again until
it's melted
now that you have your chili that you
just made on the stove in just a few
minutes we are going to make our chili
cheese burrito we're gonna start by
adding some cheese to our tortilla hey
cheese however much you want you can
leave to you and then just spoon in your
chili don't pack it too much because it
will burst out besides if you
so on a dry pan lay down your burrito
and that's going to help the burrito
stay together and then do a quick one on
the other side because that's where the
cheese is you want to melt that
and then you end up with this burrito
now get out the napkins because this is
messy let's uh let's give it a try
mmm I would say that's a Taco Bell
success so make sure that you give this
video a big thumbs up if you like the
recipe
leave me a comment below letting me know
what other fast food recipes you want me
to do make sure that you subscribe to
the channel and follow me on Instagram
and Twitter and stuff no see you next
time bye oh hi I didn't see you there
isn't that a weird saying because
clearly I did see you there which is why
I'm talking to you now what you can do
for me is you can subscribe you can
watch my videos every Monday how about
starting with this one or maybe this one
alright see you next time I'll pour some
coconut oil I'm going to fold up our
Crunchwrap